Batch job Permissions (#972)
minio/docs: source/administration/batch-framework.rst

Access to ``mc batch``
----------------------

> The batch function itself is a server process not limited by access keys or policies.

Reviewer: I think this means if you have shell access we can't stop you?

Perhaps something along these lines?
```suggestion
The batch function itself is a server process, with access control managed by OS permissions rather than MinIO access keys or policies.
```

Author: Tweaked the wording and expanded the section a little bit to hopefully better clarify my intent with this section.
